Speaker: Maggie McCain
Date/Time: Saturday, 9am AEST
Talk name: Welcome and Introduction
Theme: General
Description: We welcome you to the 5th Annual WDIConf.  We'll give you an overview of the conference, logistics, and some motivational nuggets of knowledge to kick off a fun, inspiring weekend of learning and connecting with your peers.

Speaker: Denis Ng
Date/Time: Saturday, 11am AEST
Talk name: Achieving Maximum Efficiency with Agile
Theme: Agile
Description:  The Ultimate Scrum Master gives us a crash course in optimizing efficiency for your team by implementing Agile methodologies in your organization.  Learn how to free your team of the sequential waterfall development by improving your workflow and team reaction to unpredictability in the workplace.

Speaker: Jordan Etzler
Date/Time: Saturday, 1:30pm AEST
Talk name: Why SASS is Replacing CSS.
Theme: SASS/CSS
Description: Jordan is a SASS wizard who will give us a deep dive into all the features SASS offers to make your styling that much easier.

Speaker: Dean Cooper
Date/Time: Saturday, 3:00pm AEST
Talk name: NodeJS for Dummies
Theme: NodeJS
Description: Node-torious B.I.G. (street name: Dean Cooper) will be teaching Javascript newbies how to use the language beyond the browser with nodeJS, as an alternative to Sinatra and Rails.

Speaker: Magda Bialon
Date/Time: Sunday, 9am AEST
Talk name: Harnassing the Full Power of Your API
Theme: APIs
Description: This session focuses on the highest performing, most reliable API's.  Magda walks us through how to cut through the noise, to serve users the most relevant data from third party API's.

Speaker: Dean Cooper
Date/Time: Sunday, 11am AEST
Talk name: React-ing to the Market
Theme: React
Description: You've probably heard of Facebook's uber-popular homegrown library, but do you know how to use this library to maximum benefit?

Speaker: Harry Aydin
Date/Time: Sunday, 1:30pm AEST
Talk name: What a-Bot it?
Theme: Robots
Description: Ever wondered how to better organize team communications and queues?  There's a bot for that.

Speaker: Denis Ng
Date/Time: Sunday, 3pm AEST
Talk name: Tricks & Tools
Theme: General
Description: Denis is MC-ing an open floor chat for attendees to share which platforms, methods, and SOPs help teams to work collaboratively, efficiently, productively.  Sponsored by Trello, Slack, and Github.

Speaker: Magda Bialon
Date/Time: Sunday, 5pm AEST
Talk name: Gems & Ruby
Theme: Ruby/Rails
Description: Magda unearths the true diamonds among the infinite list of gems available to Ruby users.
